The king has protected you so well
But you are so cruel to me
Hahaha, I don't understand what you're talking about at all.
Are you crazy?
It was me who scared you
It's really made by the Wang family
He actually ignored the love between my father and Mr. Shen
To ban me in the entire entertainment industry
Pardon me?
I was supposed to be engaged to him
It's all because of you
My dad wants to marry me now
For a 50-year-old man
Then you should go to your dad.
Instead of looking for me
i
You grew up spoiled by your parents
I'm just a commodity for them to exchange benefits
Cancer, how could I not hate you?
I'm no better than you
And I
He is the one who should be standing next to Qinglan
Why?
You think too much.
Me and Shen Tianlan
It's not the relationship you think it is at all
We just use each other.
He doesn't like what you say at all
He just needs a fiancee
Help him stabilize his family
Instead, I need to use his power
Let's find out the truth about three years ago
We're just playing
Concubine came to save me
Ah!